hi guys it's a girl Chris and welcome
back to my channel in today's video I
know my not in a full face I am very
very cosmetic a little bit of a
disclaimer guys these benefit products
were sent to me some of them I got from
their events and some of them were just
PR packages nabina de la illaha hi
please I don't want to see in the home
is dialing into the fabric of the
sponsors and video at all okay it's not
sponsored okay and if you want to know
how to achieve in this everyday
a subtle brown smokey eyes Gabrielle
have an entitlement all right just keep
on watching now we're ready to
moisturize by the way just in case you
will see my nails a little bit of a
disclaimer can you fall off of our
manicures a awhile award oppa I think
manicure let's get started the first
product that I will try is called the
Porefessional matte rescue with this one
endure for sure home primer shop at all
fabricated ito mattifying gel dosha
so that gets a little bit of that oh
okay pass on your I white comet writer
particularly Lucia this gel type and
let's just use this as a moisturizer I
guess hmm it is so easy to rub on your
skin and my skin loves this stuff with a
mousseline skin field gel no formulation
to the emblem absorb next product is
called the professional license to blot
so I'm not sure if this is supposed to
go on your skin before makeup or after
makeup better fabric statement from
blood OSHA instant oil blotting stick so
I think I should use this later or what
having said that no Halloween model grab
it so Branca nice I'm going this way
mattifying Jelena
just like shopper you feeling after
panel velvety smooth anyway I might skip
this one and just move on to their
Porefessional primer and this one came
here so how
look the best that everything Naboo
since a gallon it's always good to try
something I looked out of this enabling
baby skin I say no this one is like
really is really nice and there's
nothing like it look at it glide
smoothly on your face without the
feeling of oily silicone knees going on
hello flawless oxygen foundation I think
I've betrayed this before it is this way
to light her my skin tone but I will
make it work later okay this is how much
one pump gives you dime size amount long
shot if you want a full coverage on your
face the damage gained on brush Megan
soo-jung flat as been but if you want a
more second skin kind of look you can go
for the beauty blunder
so meadow want a time to yell at me when
I'm just going to go ahead and apply
this using a Beauty Blender but first
let it wash some offal and this works
really well with the Beauty Blender
grabby and the link is spread out so
this is one layer of that foundation
using a Beauty Blender indication
Kusanagi full coverage cafe in the
Machado suited young color or young
shade nice own foundation a toss-up in
skin tone measurements of odisha
concealer the bowing concealer is it
boying
my style concealer in ela it kind of
looks dark for me or for my skin tone
but the thing is it has like orangey
cemani undertone so it will hide my dark
under eyes really really well at this
point I'm happy with how my face is so
evened out one so long you mahadeva
paramesvara super one is a panel on face
product this one is called the
professional pore minimizing makeup if
you follow benefit on instagram or if
you follow international youtubers i
think some of them already review this
product
when I joined also little better I'm
going to show you a trick on how it
might work for you but anyway this is
how it looks like melon Chung sponge
Salem tapos vanish on button and and Ito
sorry
twisty cap now a lot o if you press this
quite right here like it am all very
liquidy almost like water the old
formulation is own brand of metal some
big Obama Berkshire if I use the sponge
which I will show you right now on your
hand right away cap on the swatch
goddess in spread out meringue sponge
grab bacon tricky if now this product
will work for you if Indonesia is
suppose the ballot you stipple at Yoyogi
notice dots in Union this motion works
best with the beauty blender but with
this kind of applicator if you do this
it will take you forever to cover the
entire face neuron motion I'm going on
for some reason it works best must make
even out your skin tone for the lineal
motion another way of enjoying this
product is using it as a foundation for
an airbrush machine
I do have an airbrush machine right here
see little Murat 10 to 20 drops so now
we are playing in addition all over my
face using an airbrush gun so I'm just
going to close my eyes and this smells
really really nice after doing that it
somehow sets the foundation that I have
on my face it acted like a setting spray
I was about to throw this away until I
had that brilliant idea of using it as a
foundation for my airbrush machine and
now I feel fine oiliness on your brother
I made it worse we'll be setting again
the face but this time you will use this
face powder in the shade
I love me in a hurry so let's go low me
under eyes cuz I measure the Krishna
doll
I don't know if you guys can see that
but there's a very very subtle glow on
my cheek and I think Ulla naka muka KMOD
keyline moon aho and I have two products
this one is called the benefit browsing
you know very well that I always feature
this on my makeup tutorials on the other
hand this K brow gel in the shade number
4 it's something that I see on Desi's
channel the hang upon element ABC the
Sabra love delegate abroad of Natal
I think this is a brow pomade and this
is very similar data Anastasia brow
pomade so we are going to give this one
a try so I'll use this first
and I'm Christian on packaging milah soy
un sake tila Halima design lamian Megan
yen red emotions he line this robotic
charisma once you hear the snapping
sound audubon my palm brow scanner
whoa that's very pigmented oh my gosh
Wow now I understand my favorite
candidacy Perkins it is very very
pigmented and I'm copied yeah as in it
sets very quickly it can be a good thing
and it can be a bad thing Dane traffic
accidents are box
waterproof deltaw but the downside is
community my obesity umbrella small
capital section a guide while applying
it ulong I'm here apnea bulan so right
now happy I don't think I need to use
the browsing anymore I think this will
just do now let's deal with the rest of
the face and I will be using this
limited edition net cheekathon palette
it has 5 face parts in it so brown coat
river its own hoola bronzer nestle I'm
going to be combining the two cheek
powders or probably all three of them in
along bottom as Miranda
oh girl lovers I love it grubby my
calendar by the way I'm an emotional guy
for La Laguna on its own benefit 3d brow
tones it's a brown mascara actually
again open and agony total I think Eli's
better just to test out the products la
la Bayonetta
now we move on to the eyes and I will be
using these eye shadows called benefit
they're real duo shadow blender I love
the packaging give a about all
inside you get two different eyes shadow
colors stop with melon some eyeshadow
applicator in a super cute kitty it's a
sponge
the some purpose down it's all all you
have to do is just to swipe the
eyeshadow back and forth one swipe on
your lid and then you're good to go I'm
not sure about that I see an image of
give me Keisha I'm scared I don't want
to ruin the rest of my makeup but yeah
for the sake of this tutorial
surely I think my potential it does work
if wanna hang makeup brushes Kacie aho I
still prefer to use eyeshadow brushes
then this little tiny sponge but if
you're on the go let it be
I'm just going to do the rest of my face
and then I will share with you my final
sign
[Music]
it's always my camera but inbreeding is
starting to look ashy but they're not in
real life
so let's move on to the list there real
double the lip just a mariner shankha
karma lip liners teardrop you Akua
no I think lipstick my definition of a
soft wearable everyday smoky eyes
without falsies on that's how it looks
like but I'm going to put falsies if you
know me very well I cannot finish a
makeup look without coffee with falsies
or without falsies okay now at this part
I'm going to be brutally honest guys all
right it's not a box
is it a boxer a book oh but if I don't
book box whatever okay it's only
children yeah I think this is by far my
most favorite among all the products
that I featured to you guys you can say
you get one two three four products in
one and this is travel friendly not only
is this a collector's item you can also
take out the product and bring them with
you if you're going to travel the only
problem is in the campano Topanga Lindo
next set of face products are these okay
it's all guys so Brown approves event oh
mattifying gelato and so much sure is
the primer this is a moisturizer but it
can be both I'm getting the new middle
ground of metal and it works both on my
oily skin on the other hand this product
right here called the Porefessional pore
minimizing makeup not a big fan much
more gonzaga pad being a drag muscle
sponge thingamajigger in ela but if
you're just going to use your fingers I
went on as a bear justice I am lamb it
will just slide off and drag off the
product off of your skin or comb Aaron
Taeyang airbrush the Jordan Shimoga
gamut and I'm proud of my wanna talk
called the professional
license to blot in equation a demo
Hanina a staining take on mobile session
on continued laughing face and
interpretation say no go and let's see
coma to drag nearby and Prada or not
okay Cassidy to own inertia shiny so
it's a stipple Colunga
or nothing sham is slight buh buhbuh
buhbuh
Aska see but ammonia Remo along often
make up now between this blood to go
product H on blotting paper I think
you're going to save more money if
you're just going to get yourself a
blotting paper then a blotting stick is
imaginable brother metal bottom of
boring yeah my drag name foundation and
a leguminous mo mo another face product
is this the cheekathon palette where you
get five amazing products that you can
use on your face so Graham impress
Acosta hoola bronzer I got a lot of you
in a demo it will still appear and
natural on your skin it's not a she it's
not muddy but then the shine fairness
aha I don't know if it's just me better
Hindi Telugu sold some algorithm brushes
but this is an exemption because a so
brung unconventional apply so from
pigmented loom Allah but you who light
up on the little flashing brush jumping
on a plane now let's talk about these
three brow products I think this is one
of my most favorite products from
benefit someone love none of photo and
if you've been following me for quite
some time now I think I featured there
precisely my brow pencil so broccoli
noon on the other hand the brow so Brown
blown away and also this idnum for me
just feeling open for me Parag Lanigan
emotional poeple Bosa
aleyko pero pnina as I was applying it
I'm finishing exist suppose I can feel
never gigging waterproof on I think Eli
a check ignition of smudge or indicia
mug slide off of but whatever intent
panicky like oh I'd mug in 24 hours now
last but not the least is the director
Libra zones at this is just an
additional step I think you can live
without product opening on tinted
mascara this is just a tinted primer
it's not actually a mascara mascara
pero Gustavo formulation yes it
separates my lashes and it defines the
teeny tiny lashes at the bottom so
Sobran Amazo dito second to the last
product i Taunton italic villain they're
real dual shadow blender unas and I had
fun getting tell aggressive benefit
cosmetics in packaging Lila hands down
so brung us elegant equally Musa gonna
get imagine a libero so bronze cute huh
the problem is congratu after condition
a bulky so if you're an aspiring makeup
artist
manjo my heat up the milk vanilla and
butter bean burrito a professional kiss
mo but if you will just use it for
yourself
personal use lambda makeup this I think
will also be another collector's item
magon de Vaca ha design um product HIV
ba Expo in Davos Ozuna Papa Papa Papa
Tom sponge natto India was sold neato a
Nina - ago Perrin gimmick Lanka pero la
Fitte yo yo man you in apply a shadow
way they me potential last but not least
are these lip product called
their real double the lip lip sticks
again - ah own wisdom and precise shape
the upper lips more shampoo pop
animation applied ito instinctively
without blinking your eyes done in
mauritania applied ito Equis open in a
plain malicious Ababa if you fly in a
NASA inner person and lips MOFA major
inconvenience not if the proportion
engine oil butter macaron and lip liner
dito at dial we're young chef Nia my
trans and a limo bus Nebraska
so in conclusion benefit has their hips
and misses from the things I'm products
patina equal today if I'm a young
professional and if I can afford benefit
I would go for benefit products and use
them every day helping John Columbia now
made from by a gentleman of a you why
not try Mozilla thank you so much guys
for
watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed it if you did please let me know
by clicking the thumbs up button and if
you want to know the products that I put
on my face just click on the description
box on the new mesial internet I'm
finding you my websites where you can
buy them and that's it for today
analyses on the next video bye guys